{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hey Chi,\
\
Here\'92s all my stuff for the 425 final. It was a bunch of work but Spencer and I put some hours into it and came up with some pretty decent products for two schmucks with no programming experience.\
\
The Virtual Machine is in a Google Drive that I\'92ve shared with you and should be encrypted with your public key. Github wouldn\'92t let me post files that big :(   Let me know if there\'92s any problems getting it open and up and running. \
\
The login information for the VM is 
\b username: root, password: Password123
\b0 \
\
That should get you into the directory. Inside are all the files for the final project. \
\
A video guide for the contents, the vulnerabilities, as well as explanations for certain aspects of the project are in a collection of videos. The link to the channel they are posted in is here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/user/rbrockme"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/user/rbrockme}}\
\
I\'92ll probably take them all down after you\'92re done with them, so let me know when that happens.\
\
I think that should be everything. Email me if there are any questions or discrepancies. See you next year.\
\
\
}